All right. You're beginning to impress me because you just
coded a piece of neural network that found traffic signs,
and that's actually nontrivial.
For many decades, it was really hard for
computer vision researcher to do what you just did to be honest.
But now, it's time to scale up.
You're not going to do anything by hand anymore,
you're going to use existing tools.
Carrier system that we chose is built on TensorFlow by Google,
and is a tool that makes building deep networks easy and effective.
The reason why we do this is because we want you to
experience building bigger and better things.
As I mentioned, the human brain has over 10 to the 11 neurons.
You haven't played with that many yet.
But to make a machine really smart,
you need to build really big brains.